{\rtf1\ansi
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 .SFUIText-Semibold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\f0\fs32 \cf0 \cb1 \ql\ri8640
IVONNE BLANCO\
Via Enzano, Sorbolo A Levante, Emilia-Romagna 42041 | (C) 393428881600 | ivoart_99@yahoo.com\
Professional Summary\
Planned lessons and assignments, led discussion sections, graded papers and exams. Organized and led group discussions on social and academic issues.  Assisted with check-in procedures for incoming international students.  Helped incoming international students with information on procedures and resources for their successful arrival on campus. Programming languages packages. Computer aided design/engineering: optical imaging, AutoCAD, Patran, Abaqus.  Other: SPSS, Linux (openSUSE, Ubuntu), Mac OS, Windows OS . \
Languages\
English , Spanish , Italian and Basic Portuguese.\
Skills\
BICULTURALISM BILINGUALISM CALP COGNITIVE STYLES/LEARNING STYLES PHONOLOGY THIRD LANGUAGE ACQUISITION STANDARDIZED ASSESSMENT SYNTACTICS CUSTOMER SERVICE SECRETARIAL WORK EXPERIENCED SALES MULTIFUNCTIONAL.  ATENTION TO DETAIL.\	\
Work History\
Assistant Manager, Translator, Traducer 10/2010 to Current\
JBR \uc0\u8211  Italy\
Advertising / PR / Marketing, Information Technology, Translation / Interpretation. Executive Assistant, Secretarial, Receptionist, Database Design / Development, Interpretation, Other Localization, Translation, Interpreting. Assistant Manager, Translator, Traducer.\
Teacher Assistant 03/2001 to 12/2004\
Miami Dade Community College \uc0\u8211  Miami , Florida, USA\
Education / Teaching, Human Resources / Recruitment. Executive Assistant, Secretarial, Receptionist, Accounting, Book Keeping, Payroll. Teacher Assistant.\
Education\
Bachelor of Science: Languages1999\
Miami Technical Career Institute - Miami, Florida, USA\
}